For this class there were two group projects. The first group project used Microsoft Data Science Capstone Data, and was given to apply tools such as 
Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), Regression Analysis, and Two-Way Anova.

Group Project 1:
The data used for this project is known as "the microsoft data science Capstone" dataset and can be found at https://www.kaggle.com/nandvard/microsoft-data-science-capstone.
This data consists of socioeconomic information aggregated by the United States Department of Agriculture Economic Research Service. For each county, the data comes from 
two undisclosed years, A and B.
EDA was used to truly explore which information would be used from the data to build a predictive model. During this stage, missing data were imputed using the median, 
graphs such as histograms was used. Then the assumptions for a regression model was dress. Also, multicollinearity was address. We subsetted the data for year A for analysis.
Regression Analysis was used for the following interest: to build a  predictive model to predict heart U.S. heart disease mortality at the county level. 
When building the model, a full model was built first (29 variables), then using forward selection a final model of 10 variables was used.
After building the models, we compared which model was the best, then proceeded with parameter interpretation.
As a secondary analysis, we used a two-way Anova. First the assumptions for a two-way Anova was checked, then was applied to determine if the predictors of the model
have some effect on the response, county-level heart disease mortality rate.


Group Project 2: 
Using UCI Heart Data Analysis, the goal was to use tools such as logistic regression, LDA, and Random Forest to build a model that would predict the presence of 
heart disease in patients. 
First EDA was used to familiarize ourself with the data. Then logistic regression was used first. Before using logistic regression, assumptions were check. Using forward selection,
a final model was built, parameter interpretations were recorded, and model metrics were discussed. Second, Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) was used, and then a 
Random Forest model was built. Final conclusion was over the comparison of the models. 
